README.md, before:

# 🐼 Pandas Webinar Link And material

This repository contains **Pandas tutorials and webinar materials** from my Python Data Science learning journey.  
It includes Jupyter notebooks covering data manipulation, merging, and cleaning using the Pandas library.

---

## 🎥 Webinar Link
- [Watch Pandas Webinar](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WlXrv89tZyehJ1dFIqqxxD7-ycmobsgi/view)

---

## 📚 Contents
| No. | Topic | Description |
|-----|--------|-------------|
| 1 | Introduction to Pandas | Overview of Pandas and DataFrames |
| 2 | Series | One-dimensional labeled arrays |
| 3 | DataFrames | Two-dimensional labeled data structures |
| 4 | Missing Data | Handling and cleaning missing values |
| 5 | Groupby | Grouping and aggregating data |
| 6 | Merging, Joining, Concatenating | Combining multiple datasets |
| 7 | Operations | Built-in functions and transformations |
| 8 | Data Input and Output | Reading/writing CSV, Excel, etc. |

---

## 💻 How to Run
Clone this repository and open the notebooks using **Jupyter Notebook** or **VS Code**:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Asma-zubair/Pandas-Webinar-and-Tutorials.git

Commit message:

Add webinar slides section to README
Added a section for webinar slides with a download link.

README.md, after:

# 🐼 Pandas Webinar Link And material

This repository contains **Pandas tutorials and webinar materials** from my Python Data Science learning journey.  
It includes Jupyter notebooks covering data manipulation, merging, and cleaning using the Pandas library.

---

## 🎥 Webinar Link
- [Watch Pandas Webinar](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WlXrv89tZyehJ1dFIqqxxD7-ycmobsgi/view)

---
## 📝 Slides  
Download or view the official webinar slides:  
📘 [Pandas Webinar Slides (Google Drive)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PkO8s6FRpzBffJBEACMoG9yp_FwEb6NG/view?usp=sharing)

---
## 📚 Contents
| No. | Topic | Description |
|-----|--------|-------------|
| 1 | Introduction to Pandas | Overview of Pandas and DataFrames |
| 2 | Series | One-dimensional labeled arrays |
| 3 | DataFrames | Two-dimensional labeled data structures |
| 4 | Missing Data | Handling and cleaning missing values |
| 5 | Groupby | Grouping and aggregating data |
| 6 | Merging, Joining, Concatenating | Combining multiple datasets |
| 7 | Operations | Built-in functions and transformations |
| 8 | Data Input and Output | Reading/writing CSV, Excel, etc. |

---

## 💻 How to Run
Clone this repository and open the notebooks using **Jupyter Notebook** or **VS Code**:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Asma-zubair/Pandas-Webinar-and-Tutorials.git
